ReadMe.md, before:

# Blazor With ServiceStack Static File delivery issue ReadMe
This is the specific documentation for a repository that illustrates a problem with delivering static files from virtual directories added by a ServiceStack PlugIn wwith ServiceStack hosted on a WebServer hosted by a genericHost on .Net Core 3.0.

To compile this repository, you will need the latest Visual Studio 2019 Preview (currently V16.3.0 Preview 2.0), and you will need the .Net Core V3.0 Preview 8 SDK installed on the development machine

The Server is created as a Generic Host that hosts either a IIS Integrated InProcess web server, or a Kestrel stand-alone web server, selectable by an environment variable. The Server/Properties/launchsettings.json file sets the environment variable
The hosted Web Server hosts the ServiceStack middleware.  Points to note regarding the delivery of static files:

1) The GenericHost setup sets the ContentRootPath to the location where the startup assembly is found.
1) Without the GUIServices PlugIn, the webserver should not deliver any static files nor allow directory listings. The URL http://localhost:220500/ should return 404, not found.
1) With the GUIServices PlugIn, the webserver should deliver files from "arbitrary_absolute_path01/" on the virtual path /01/, and furthermore, should deliver the contents of index.html on both the URLs http:///localhost:220500/01/ and http:///localhost:220500/01/index.html . The GUIServices PlugIn should setup multiple VirtualFileSystem mappings, and delivery of static files from multiple virtual root paths, to support multiple GUIs.
1) The file PlugIn.GUIServices.Settings.Development.txt defines the collection of GUIMappings that define the virtual paths and the physical paths
1) Both GUI Projects must be 'Published', usually using the 'DevelopDebugFolderProfile
1) (there is no code in the repository yet to accomplish this) With the GUIServices PlugIn, request to http:///localhost:220500/ should map to one of the VirtualFileSystem mappings. The GUIMapping class will need to be extended to support a "isDefault" Property, and the GUIServices PlugIn will need to be exteneded to somehow make use of this property to make one of the GUIs get served from the "/" virtual path.

Commit message:

works with hardcoded FileSystemMapping from AppHost configure, but nor from PlugIn's Configure

ReadMe.md, after:

# Blazor With ServiceStack Static File delivery issue ReadMe
This is the specific documentation for a repository that illustrates a problem with delivering static files from virtual directories added by a ServiceStack PlugIn wwith ServiceStack hosted on a WebServer hosted by a genericHost on .Net Core 3.0.

To compile this repository, you will need the latest Visual Studio 2019 Preview (currently V16.3.0 Preview 2.0), and you will need the .Net Core V3.0 Preview 8 SDK installed on the development machine. Or you can use Visual Studio Code with the C# 8.0 (OmniSharp) extensions and use the CLI tools

The Server is created as a Generic Host that hosts either a IIS Integrated InProcess web server, or a Kestrel stand-alone web server, selectable by an environment variable. The Server/Properties/launchsettings.json file sets the environment variable when using Visual Studio. When using the CLI tools, ensure the environment variables are set when running the example..

1) Both GUI Projects must be 'Published', usually using the 'DevelopDebugFolderProfile

The hosted Web Server hosts the ServiceStack middleware.  Points to note regarding the delivery of static files:

1) The GenericHost setup sets the ContentRootPath to the location where the startup assembly is found.
1) Without the GUIServices PlugIn, the webserver should not deliver any static files nor allow directory listings. The URL http://localhost:220500/ should return 404, not found.
1) With the GUIServices PlugIn, the webserver should deliver files from "arbitrary_absolute_path01/" on the virtual path /01/, and furthermore, should deliver the contents of index.html on both the URLs http:///localhost:220500/01/ and http:///localhost:220500/01/index.html . The GUIServices PlugIn should setup multiple VirtualFileSystem mappings, and delivery of static files from multiple virtual root paths, to support multiple GUIs.
1) The file PlugIn.GUIServices.Settings.Development.txt defines the collection of GUIMappings that define the virtual paths and the physical paths
1) (there is no code in the repository yet to accomplish this) With the GUIServices PlugIn, request to http:///localhost:220500/ should map to one of the VirtualFileSystem mappings. The GUIMapping class will need to be extended to support a "isDefault" Property, and the GUIServices PlugIn will need to be exteneded to somehow make use of this property to make one of the GUIs get served from the "/" virtual path.
